pages/index.mdx, before:

# Mauro 


**Some things about me:**

- Currently taking my Master's in Business Law at Aalborg University.
- I am passionate about growth and learning new things. 
- My interests range across technology, geopolitics, finance, political prediction markets, history, languages, religion, investing and philosophy. 


<br />

**Some goals of mine - maybe you can help me achieve any of these?**
- Build a unicorn software company 
- Move to the US / East Asia (Bay Area or Miami preferably)
- Visit all countries + US states (Did the US east coast last year)
- Master Spanish and an additional language. Most likely Japanese or Arabic. I currently speak ~ 25-35 words in both of the two. (5-6 languages total) 
- Write books on topics like geopolitics, history, fertility, culture, business and future forecasting. 
- Work in/with foreign policy (Perhaps in my 30's or 40's)


<br />

**some recent projects:**
- [heyhistoria.com](https://heyhistoria.com) - A platform for interactive history learning. Inspired by Duolingo and Wplace. Launching on AppStore the 10/10/2025!
- [misamisa.app](https://misamisa.app) - Revive Your Whatsapp contact (built with swift + OpenAI API training a personal model based on Whatsapp messages) (iOS only - dropped this project) 
- [runekjaer.dk](https://runekjaer.dk) - Law students offering legal advice for elders + low income families. 

<br />
Want to get in contact? You can reach me at maurokjaer@gmail.com

Commit message:

Update project list in index.mdx
Added new projects to the list and updated the status of misamisa.app.

pages/index.mdx, after:

# Mauro 


**Some things about me:**

- Currently taking my Master's in Business Law at Aalborg University.
- I am passionate about growth and learning new things. 
- My interests range across technology, geopolitics, finance, political prediction markets, history, languages, religion, investing and philosophy. 


<br />

**Some goals of mine - maybe you can help me achieve any of these?**
- Build a unicorn software company 
- Move to the US / East Asia (Bay Area or Miami preferably)
- Visit all countries + US states (Did the US east coast last year)
- Master Spanish and an additional language. Most likely Japanese or Arabic. I currently speak ~ 25-35 words in both of the two. (5-6 languages total) 
- Write books on topics like geopolitics, history, fertility, culture, business and future forecasting. 
- Work in/with foreign policy (Perhaps in my 30's or 40's)


<br />

**some recent projects:**
- [heyhistoria.com](https://heyhistoria.com) - A platform for interactive history learning. Inspired by Duolingo and Wplace. Launching on AppStore the 10/10/2025!
- [zemniya.app](https://zemniya.app) - A cute app to write future messages/love letters to a person you haven't met yet 
- [citydex.app](https://citydex.app) - I got motivated after the acquisition of Catchr to build my own spin on it with users collecting IRL monuments by taking selfies infront of them. Users can upvote and downvote best selfies. 
- [misamisa.app](https://misamisa.app) - Revive Your Whatsapp contact (built with swift + OpenAI API training a personal model based on Whatsapp messages) (update: dropped this project) 
- [runekjaer.dk](https://runekjaer.dk) - Law students offering legal advice for elders + low income families. 

<br />
Want to get in contact? You can reach me at maurokjaer@gmail.com
